{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. What topic or theme should I have for my website of five to seven pages? Solved\
B. How do I use flex box to space my navigation links evenly across the navigation bar? Solved. Thanks\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1. Once I decided on content, the question became how to arrange the directory to those content pages. For my book review site I decided that the home page could be a grid of book cover images, each linking to the corresponding review page. Now I am trying to create that grid and so far I can't get the images to show up. Still working.\
2. I can't seem to get a navigation bar that is fairly narrow in the horizontal direction. Without padding, the nav bar touches the edges of the text links. Any amount of padding seems to be too much, making the nav bar too tall and visually very heavy. I've tried increasingly smaller measures for the padding, like .01%, but that doesn't seem to make much difference.\
3. The container on my content pages (.main) ends at the bottom of the screen and the page won't scroll down further, meaning that you can't see the box shadow on the bottom of the container as I had expected. Maybe I add some content below the container? Maybe it could even be invisible content?\
\uc0\u8232 If I could do a 4, I was thinking I might have the nav bar and masthead stay put at the top as the rest of the material scrolls, but I haven't figured that out yet. It's not terribly important and I've put it aside in favor of the things that really matter.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
remaining issues with the final project\
\
1. I\'92ve set my text links to show red on hover, but once they\'92ve been visited, they remain visited color and won\'92t show red anymore.}